Name:
Last 4 digits ID:
Computer IP address:
CSE 6331, Cloud Computing					


Quiz Q2, 4 Summer 2018   (c) DL, UTA, 2018


  C&P means cut and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.


 1.  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, use 
     non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this quiz with anyone for the next 
     4 hours.
     You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code, 
     YOU MAY NOT use:
     Email, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.

     This is a timed test. Late tests will have points deducted for being late.
     Very late tests will not be graded.

     When you are complete, with any part, please raise your hand, so we may visually inspect that part.

     The second part of the test, you should electronically submit, you will need to copy and paste 
     only those lines of code to implement that part of the test, usually a few (two to eight) lines of code. 
     Place it immediately after the question.

     Submit this Quiz (renamed) with code cut and pasted, ONLY text. DO NOT submit zips, binaries, libraries,
     or anything other than text.

     When any parts(questions) are complete complete, submit this test, you may make multiple submissions.

     If you have computer, or other, problems, please raise your hand immediately.

     If you understand and agree, please initial here:
     _________________

 2. Get files from this same folder.
   
 3. Name your program with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4. Using the cloud services provider, all functionality possible should be implemented on that provider.
    (Of course, displaying web pages through a browser and the user interface is "local")

    edata.csv is a "condensed" earthquake data from USGS with some attributes (columns) removed.

Show and submit code:

 5. Show a web page and interface (which resides on the cloud provider) with your name and 
    student ID in large font at the top of every web page dispayed (for this quiz) 

 6. Import edata into a Relational Data Base (SQL), if you have already done this, (briefly) explain/describe
    how you did this. Please note that for some parts of the following you will need to create indexes (keys)
    appropriately.

 7. Allow a user, through a web form, to give a gap range (for example 20 to 50) and on a web page display
    the number of quakes inside the range, below the range, and above the range.

 8. Allow a user, through a web form, to give a location source (locationSource column) such as "us" and 
    a magnitude and then, on a web page, list time, latitude, longitude, and place for all earthquakes larger 
    than that magnitude - ONLY IF the magNst times two is greater than or equal to  the nst (magNst * 2 >= nst).

 9. One degree of latitude and one degree of longitude is about 100 km distance each (approximately, for this question). 
    We give you a distance from UTA (UTA is at 32.7357, -97.1081 (lat, long)) in km, and you will show us 
    (on a web page) the largest earthquake and smallest earthquake within that distance 
    (please show lat, long, time, and location), as well as showing us the count of total number of earthquakes 
    within that area.

 10. Show GTA parts 5,6, 7, 8, 9

 11. When complete, return (send) this quiz
     If you finish early, send this immediately, otherwise send between
     the end of class and no more than 1 minute after that.
